So all of you already know that we created a three minute 30-year password change password method of
generating random password method until I cleared it here, using that password method of using random
also yet then asking for department and printing them and know what I'm going to do is I'm just going
to say that mailbox capacity, not even in this first.
Also, I told by default, I wondered, but if you don't want to extend that mailbox capacity, I'm
asking for the same mailbox capacity, your method.
So after this park, I will create some.
Set mailbox capacity, method, mailbox capacity.
Method.
Then again, it is public.
As I told you, why should it really be public, because you still want to access that part where you
sit?
M. Get.
That's it.
Then no need to put any argument here, because I don't want to care if you want, you can minimize
this part of school system or not.
But in long.
Current capacity will bring current capacity first.
Current capacity.
Is equal to.
Plus this board.
Mill capacity.
And I'm considering this question here and not.
I know this is very loose, but I want to clearly simplify this in.
Then system, but there is no need to ask for what is your first capacity or something?
I just want to create a standard so internal capacity.
And there.
New mailbox capacity.
Capacity.
Then.
This dark male capacity, that part only.
Is equal to is not an extremely.
Next in digital only.
No need to put anything here next week and in Lake System Dot.
I would not.
In Berlin.
Mailbox capacity.
Is successfully changed.
And so this is honorable in setting the mailbox, obviously, it is very easy printing first current
capacity, then enter the new mailbox of the city and just from the user just assigned to that new mailbox
capacity.
Similarly for that.
Alternatively, public.
What is that alternate?
Eamon?
So I will put your first.
Served.
Are.
Meet, you remember, commenced because it's very helpful while reading the quota system, not.
I would not put in.
And there.
New ultra net mail or e-mail.
Then this dirt alternative that we created already created that part, it's not.
Next.
Then system in this very simple matter, you won't have to worry about this.
Alternate.
Men or women?
Is sick.
That's it.
Now, these are all about the creating or generating something.
But I want to create another method to display something because we are just generating, but there
is nothing.
I'm going to display here to how I can display the user information or something that part.
So to display user information, I will create.
Another matter.
Information meantime for that, but it should be public only public.
Avoid getting food and bring it in for.
Simple, just printing nothing.
Well, that system dot dot printed in this printing statement, but print statements it only.
This dark.
If name know the space between these.
This not in.
Similarly, that system.
Not a rental in.
Part.
Meant.
Plus, it will pull back burner and distort.
DVD.
Department.
This is then for e-mail you can put.
Email.
Then this.
Not it.
On that user information, this.
Then if you want to put a password, you can put that password, but here's why it in ideal condition
you should not print any password or you should not display any password.
But for the significant convenience and I want to check it will be running or not.
I'm going to put you on.
So this product testing purpose for our application, this is not password.
Then again, system, not a lot, but in telling.
Meal box capacity.
This not mailbox, the mail capacity, the mail capacity.
And I will put your ambulance like I already mentioned, I'm putting in this ambulance in.
Then again, system, not a lot.
Alternatively.
Internet.
Male.
This.
Not.
Older women and their.
Who we are done with these matters.
So let's in walking into that public glass.
But before that, remember we are remaining with some other matters also still facing this.
But before that, I will explain that constructeur.
But yeah, so we already created one constructor here.
And before that, the grading standard of what I did is signal box capacity.
Then to change password method, alternate implementer and display user information that we plan, then
we want to call that methods.
So calling that method is very simple.
I can see.
So now I will go to this constructor party, you know?
And putting hair is falling.
Methods.
So now, Colin, inter-disciplinary, this not.
Department us and that department, this department is equal to this not set department.
What I created the department.
Now for the random password.
I will put your department.
First random password.
This form password is equal to this not generated password with which I created no work, required duties
and wouldn't let it.
What I told you, I'm not mentioning lender because I want to put in scientists who are avoiding that
part.
I just put Clint here.
So Lent will be always it.
It's not really ideal condition to always lend aid.
But for the simple condition I use here, or you can do what you want, or you can choose from six to
15 or something like that.
Now.
I want to combine this.
Like generating mail, you know, that method this not.
What is their retirement?
Email?
This is for.
Email generation.
No, now we are done with this part, but.
This is just there is no you cannot run this like this only because you're going to there is no main
method to be created here.
We are remaining with them.
So this is all about part in next part.
What I'm going to show you how we can create momentum.
We are going to invoke that method, including that how we can use this.
All right, let's I'm going to show you how you can create and store that in the specific final 30 X
define.